Created new guide for Deploying Nodejs With LRU Cache (#545)
zeit/docs: pages/guides/deploying-nodejs-with-lru-cache.mdx

When data is requested, your code first checks to see if it exists in your cache. If the requested data does not exist in the cache, it will then get the data from the database. A copy of the data is then placed in the cache so it will be available the next time it is requested. The copy will sometimes have a [TTL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_to_live) or (time to live) expiration time. This ensures that data in the cache does not get outdated as updates are made to the original record in the database.

LRU cache stands for "least recently used" cache. This puts a limit on the amount of items you store in the cache your server does not run out of memory as more and more items are stored in the cache. As the limit of items is reached, the LRU cache will start to remove the "least recently used" items in the cache.

## Step 1: Installing The LRU Cache Node Module and Express

> <TerminalInput>yarn add lru-cache yarn add express</TerminalInput>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<TerminalInput>yarn add lru-cache express</TerminalInput>
```

## Step 2: Importing the Module

```js
const LRU = require('lru-cache')

const options = {
  max: 5, // The maximum number of items allowed in the cache
  maxAge: 15000 // The maximum life of a cached item in milliseconds
}

const cache = new LRU(options)
```

For the purpose of demonstration, the application only sets a maximum of 5 items to be in the cache at any given time and each item can only stay in the cache for 15 seconds.

## Step 3: Storing and Retrieving Data

Now you can start using the cache to store and retrieve data. Now, create a reusable function so you don't have to write the logic every time you request data.

```js
function getData(key) {
  //Check if data is in the cache
  var data = cache.get(key)

  //When key is not present in cache data is undefined then fetch it again
  if (!data) {
    //Get a random user and set it to cache
    getRandomUser().then(user => {
      data = user
      //Store data into cache
      cache.set(key, data)
    })
  }
  return data
}
```

## Step 4: Fetch User Data from the API

> <TerminalInput>yarn add node-fetch</TerminalInput>

Reviewer: I still think that this should be in the first step

import Guide from '~/components/layout/guide'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import Card from '~/components/card'

export const meta = {
  title: 'How to deploy a serverless Node.js application that uses a LRU cache',
  description:
    'How to deploy a serverless Node.js application that uses a LRU cache',
  published: '2019-03-02T13:48:47.143Z',
  authors: ['ganny26'],
  url: '/guides/deploying-nodejs-with-lru-cache'
}

First of all, what is a cache? A cache is a place where frequently-accessed data is stored that can be quickly retrieved with little overhead. Cache is useful when you have a database-driven website that gets high amounts of traffic as it can help reduce the load on your database server by bypassing it completely to retrieve certain data.

> When a piece of data is needed, your code first checks to see if it exists in your cache. If the data you need does not exist in the cache, it will then get the data from the database. A copy of that data is then placed in the cache so it will be available there the next time you ask for that particular piece of data. That copy of the data will sometimes have a TTL or (time to live) expiration time. This ensures that data in the cache does not get outdated as updates are made to the original record in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When data is requested, your code first checks to see if it exists in your cache. If the requested data does not exist in the cache, it will then get the data from the database. A copy of the data is then placed in the cache so it will be available the next time it is requested. The copy will sometimes have a [TTL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Time_to_live) or (time to live) expiration time. This ensures that data in the cache does not get outdated as updates are made to the original record in the database.
```

LRU cache stands for "least recently used" cache. This puts a limit on the amount of items you store in the cache your server does not run out of memory as more and more items are stored in the cache. As the limit of items is reached, the LRU cache will start to remove the "least recently used" items in the cache.

In this guide, we will cover how to set up a Node LRU Cache with Express JS App and how to deploy it with [ZEIT Now](/docs/v2).

> ## Step 1: Installing The LRU Cache Node Module

Reviewer: Perhaps we can combine this step with step 3, as the first step, and call it:
```suggestion
## Step 1: Installing The LRU Cache Node Module and Express
```

<TerminalInput>yarn add lru-cache</TerminalInput>

## Step 2: Importing the Module

```js

> const LRU = require('lru-cache')

Reviewer: So is this in an `index.js` file or something? It's a little unclear.

const options = {
  max: 5, // The maximum number of items allowed in the cache
  maxAge: 15000 // The maximum life of a cached item in milliseconds
}

const cache = new LRU(options)
```

> For demonstration purpouse we only want a maximum of 5 items to be in our cache at any given time and each item can only stay in the cache for 15 seconds.

Reviewer: We often stay away from `we` in guides but instead focus on `you`, as in the user is doing it themselves.

Also fixes a spelling error.

```suggestion
For the purpose of demonstration, the application only sets a maximum of 5 items to be in the cache at any given time and each item can only stay in the cache for 15 seconds.
```

## Step 3: Install Express JS Module

<TerminalInput>yarn add express</TerminalInput>

## Step 4: Storing and Retrieving Data

> Now we can start using our cache to store and retrieve data. Let's create a reusable function so we don't have to write the logic every time we access data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can start using the cache to store and retrieve data. Now, create a reusable function so you don't have to write the logic every time you request data.
```

```js
function getData(key) {
  //Check if data is in the cache
  var data = cache.get(key)

  //When key is not present in cache data is undefined then fetch it again
  if (!data) {
    //Get a random user and set it to cache
    getRandomUser().then(user => {
      data = user
      //Store data into cache
      cache.set(key, data)
    })
  }
  return data
}
```

> ## Step 5: Fetch Random user data from API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 5: Fetch User Data from the API
```

> <TerminalInput>yarn add node-fetch</TerminalInput>

Reviewer: This needs some setup for why the user should install it. Or combine it with step 1 for a run-down of all dependencies

> Create a function that retrives a random user data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a function that retrieves some user data.
```

```js
async function getRandomUser() {
  let res = await fetch('https://randomuser.me/api/')
  let json = await res.json()
  return json
}
```

> ## Step 6: Create a get route to fetch data from cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 6: Create a `GET` route to fetch data from the cache
```

```js
app.get('/', (req, res) => {
  let result =
    getData('random_user') === undefined
      ? 'No Data in cache'
      : getData('random_user')
  res.status(200).json(result)
})
```

> Let's say our cache key is `random_user` by passing it to `getData('random_user')` function when key is available it will return user data from cache else fetch random user from API and set it to cache

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's say the cache key is `random_user`. By passing it to the `getData` function, when the key is available within the cache, it will return user data or fetch the necessary data from the API and cache it for the next request for data under the same key.
```

> Complete setup looks like below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The complete setup will look like the following:
```

```js
const LRU = require('lru-cache')
const express = require('express')
const fetch = require('node-fetch')
const app = express()

const options = {
  max: 5, // The maximum number of items allowed in the cache
  maxAge: 15000 // The maximum life of a cached item in milliseconds
}

const cache = new LRU(options)

async function getRandomUser() {
  let res = await fetch('https://randomuser.me/api/')
  let json = await res.json()
  return json
}

function getData(key) {
  //Check if data is in the cache
  var data = cache.get(key)

  //When key is not present in cache data is undefined then fetch it again
  if (!data) {
    //Get a random user and set it to cache
    getRandomUser().then(user => {
      data = user
      //Store data into cache
      cache.set(key, data)
    })
  }
  return data
}

app.get('/', (req, res) => {
  let result =
    getData('random_user') === undefined
      ? 'No Data in cache'
      : getData('random_user')
  res.status(200).json(result)
})

module.exports = app
```

> ## Step 7: Deploying with now

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 7: Deploying with Now
```
